There's going to be a moment to have a conversation about the final boss character. One of those untouchable character arcs.
 It's crazy to think how short The Rock's run was. If he just stayed in WWE, we'd be talking about him having 17 plus championships.
 Greatest of all time is not based on number of championships. What's amazing is The Rock never gave himself a chance to get stale.
 Did you see John Cena's heel turn coming?
 I didn't see it coming. One of the things that makes that character unique is that it never happened. And then boom, it happens.
 There is no explanation as to what role The Rock played in that.
 You got to let him cook. You think there's a payoff to this? We're in the middle of it. I don't see Cena leaving as a heel. The baby face turn is where the payoff comes.
 Cody never got a rematch.
 Hasn't yet got a rematch.
 Roman Reigns
 hasn't yet got match.
 So, who ends up being Cena's final match?
 I tell you who I want.
 Have you figured out who might be Al Grande Americano?
 I'm totally clueless and it's very frustrating.
 People think it's Chad Gabe back in the not Sam studio. Incorrect. Well, I guess with the logos back here, it's the Insight with Chris Van Vleet Studio
 with special guest Sam Roberts. It's the It's the It's the Not Sam Studios, the Insight Studio SL, the Rotary Recap Studio SL whoever wants to do a show.
 It's really just Sam's basement, everyone.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This has been whether it's uh First of all, I appreciate you always coming out here to do your show and not having, you know what I mean? Like the fact that you come to me.
 Why are you coming to my show? your I mean I appreciate it but like it has been this is the the kind of rib of it all that like this is all a ploy to be like how can I never leave home?
 It's pretty great
 to the point where just like you asked like there have been you know people that have come over to do stuff here that have been like is it okay if we do it this time that time? I'm like yeah like we're not on the clock
 like I I live here.
 I live here.
 Yeah. So, I'll just go downstairs and
 I think you when Baron Corbin came over, he was like, "Listen, I do want to do something, but I'm not getting in." It was like before it was when he and Breaker were doing the NXT stuff. And he was like, "I'm not getting in until that night." And then 11:00 or 1:00, whatever my call time is the next day. I was like, "Okay, like just so you know, no pressure." And he's like, "I'm landing at like 10 p.m." I go, "Just so you know, no pressure. Please don't do this. But if you actually want to do it.
 Yeah.
 And you want to come by here at like 10 or 11 at night. Come by here at 10 or 11 at night. Like if the studio's open and he did it.
 That's great.
 So, you know,
 I'm a little jealous.
 Well, there's just a spot. I mean,
 it's in your house.
 It is, but also like, you know, I you do have to uproot like you don't I guess uproot is the wrong word, but like open your doors to like this idea of everything. like the idea of like like is your family okay
 with Carrie and Cross coming over on December 26th
 at 9:00 a.m.
 He's the nicest man ever though
 and the answer is yes because he's the nicest man ever and he's looking at the kids toys and stuff. Do you also not find though that like when I go into the studio and it's in Hollywood like I'm away like my my wife can't be like oh I need some help with this thing or the kids can't be like daddy can you do this thing I'm away I'm I'm in a different location when you're down here you're just feet away from
 I am just feet if there were a true emergency then yes I would have to
 the siren go yeah I borrowed the siren from the living room Yeah. Yeah. All of a sudden you just hear
 and here it is. We got to do it. We got to hear me every time. That's a good call.
 I hear I hear you're the podcast tribal chief.
 The original and only podcast trial. Wow.
 Look, it is what it is. I didn't I mean,
 you know, last time you challenged me on that, within minutes, The Rock was like, "Hey, Sam, I listen to your podcast." I was like, "Chris."
 And then within minutes of that, he went, "Hey, Chris. What's up?"
 But he just knows you. You might be just a good guy.
 Maybe.
 You know what I mean?
 Yeah. That look, you can call yourself whatever you want to call yourself.
 They call me, not me.
 You can call yourself whatever you want to call yourself.
 I call myself a lot of things. Yeah. You can call yourself whatever you want to call.
 Last professional broadcaster.
 Well, you know, original only podcast tribal chief,
 just straight up GOAT. Well, I I mean,
 you can call yourself That's what I'm saying. Yeah, that's the great thing about names when you give them to yourself.
 Well, that and I've always been a believer of giving nicknames to yourself.
 Yeah,
 I think that it's true. I think that like who's Howard Stern? The king of what?
 All media.
 Who crowned him that?
 He crowned himself that.
 Boom. I get it.
 And the whole It is true because his bit was that he went off one day and he was like, "Michael Jackson's the king of pop." He goes, "Who made this guy the king of pop? Who crowned Michael Jackson the king of pop? The answer is no one. He just started calling himself the king of pop.
 And that's the great thing about perception is perception is reality. Reality.
 Matt Cardona was telling me like people think I do death matches all the time.
 He's done one.
 I did one and I called myself the death match king. Yeah.
 And the name just stuck.
 I mean literally people have come up to me and go I don't know this uh the Cardone is doing all this deathmatch stuff now. And I'm like what are you talking about? Yeah. He did one four years ago or something.
 He's fine.
 Yeah. I should start calling myself something. I call myself the three numbers on the back of your credit card. CVV.
 Okay, that's great. That's great. That's great. I mean, look, I think that there is like uh in the interview space, that's what it is. It's like figuring out in the space within the space like what is the argument that can't be
 argued? Like you could start calling yourself that and also completely back it up and tell anyone straight to their face like, "Yeah, that's who I am." if there's an issue at all. Like when I started doing pre-shows for WWE, this was like at this point like eight or nine years ago, Renee was still there and she was like, "How do you want me to introduce you?" And it was like, you know, it was the night of, it was right before we were going on the air. And it was like a split-second thing. I was like, "Am I really going to do this?" And I went, "Last professional broadcaster." And she was like, "What?" And I was like, "The last professional broadcaster?" And she was like, "You really want me to say that?" I go, "Yeah, all right." And she said it and like once she said it and now it's just there.
 Could I be the most professional broadcaster?
 I don't know. It seems very, you know what I mean? Inspired by.
 Yeah. I think there's got to be something something in the interview space.
 What's the thing? What's that quote though that like when you're great, other people tell you. There's a quote around that. You know what I'm talking about? Yes. When you think you're great, you tell other people.
 Yeah. Yeah. When you are great, other people tell you or something like that.
 That's right. But what if they agree with you? What if you tell other people and they're go, you know, you're right.
 That's that counts both ways, right?
 I guess so.
 See,
 I'll just be the you look look I selfishly do these interviews just cuz I want to know the answers to these questions,
 right? So, like I'm really doing them for the audience of like I've always wondered about, you know, this Wrestlemania match or this SummerSlam match or this obscure backstage segment or like what makes you tick at your core. If other people enjoy that, that's great.
 Right. Right. I do it for them. You know what I mean? Like cuz they need it. I do it as a service. Are you Are you a heel?
 Is that what this is?
 Myself. I can't You know who? You're the king of gratitude. That's your whole deal. It's the gratitude era, right? That's your whole gimmick. Gratitude.
 I am. I'm full of gratitude. I mean, it is funny though to take somebody that is like, "No, I want to really push that I'm full of gratitude." And I go, "Yeah, it's a good gimmick." It's just like taking all like, "All right. Okay, cool. Thanks." That was pretty cool, though. At the Elimination Chamber press conference, you asked the first question of The Rock, and The Rock's like, "Yeah, I listen to your show all the time." And I was sitting next to you and I'm like, "What the?" And you looked at me and you're like, "What did he just say?" And the whole room's going, "What?" Yeah. And I swear, like I said, in all the years of doing pre-shows and popping up on this and that, I never felt my phone blowing up inside my jacket. Like I felt my phone blowing up inside my jacket just from the rock. That's the power of the rock. That is the power of the rock.
 Just the rock uttering. You know, I was listening to your podcast. What? He made a comment on one of my Instagram posts. I I made a I made a reference to at Bad Blood. I was lost trying to get into the arena trying to find the media entrance. Found myself on the loading dock and The Rock drove by in his Ford F-150 Raptor and we all went, "Well, that's that's The Rock,
 right?
 We He's not announced. I guess the Rock's here." And I ended up telling that story weeks later that like like I knew he was there and it wasn't until like the smoke filled the entrance way and then hit if you smile and The Rock commented on that and it's like, "Yep, that's all true." And I was like,
 isn't it weird? Like he's like one of like no matter how long you're in this game for, no matter how many people you talk to, when The Rock, he just acknowledges your existence in any way, shape, or form, whether it's leaving a comment on an Instagram, whether it's saying something like it's like a Yeah. Yeah, cuz it's The Rock and it's always going to be The Rock and people can say whatever they want,
 but he's still he's still The Rock. He's still the great one.
 It's crazy to think how short The Rock's run was.
 I think about that a lot.
 Me, too. And I actually I looked into the numbers recently. The Rock won nine championships in 43 months. So, he won nine championships before John Cena even debuted. And I was making the point of like if The Rock didn't leave for Hollywood, if he wasn't chasing those other dreams, if he just stayed in WWE and had a Randy Orton like career or Undertaker like career, it's a really good chance that we'd be talking about him having 17 plus championships. Yes. Yeah. Well, yeah, for sure. But at the same time, first of all, I think that like greatest of all time is not necessarily based on number of championships. I do think that you're not wrong about that cuz it's hard to think that the Rock, like if he had had a longer career. It's not like he wouldn't have been in the main event scene. Like that's the only scene you put a guy like The Rock in. I don't see that character evolving out of the main event space. So, I think that you're right about the 17 championships. I also think the thing about the Attitude era is that like Stone Cold had the title more times than he probably should have and a lot of people did because like they were they were switching around that title like crazy.
 Yeah.
 I think what's amazing about The Rock is that he came up in the Attitude Era, but they're really like the It's one thing for Stone Cold who had this really nice career under him. It's not like he was guaranteed a main event spot at all. He was never, it never looked like he was going to get there, but the fact that he had this foundation meant that once he got there, he was ready to be there.
 Yeah.
 Whereas The Rock was just there naturally.
 You know what I mean? The fact that he came,
 you know, he's flex Cavanaing in USWA for a couple of months, then he's showing up at the garden,
 getting booed out of the building, and less than a year later, he's quickly becoming the hottest act in wrestling. And he doesn't buckle under the pressure. If it wasn't for The Rock asking for that mic time though, when he was getting booed, Rocky sucks. If it wasn't for him asking for that mic time to go, you know, Rock's a lot of things, but sucks isn't one of them.
 Die, Rocky, die. I wonder though what his career would have looked like. Like obviously he had all the talent, he had the look, he had the charisma, but if it wasn't for him having that opportunity to get on the mic and prove what he could do, I don't know, might have looked a little different,
 right? like does he become that sort of because the the reason the nation worked was because he and Farooq had that dispute over who the real leader was and the reason that dispute existed is because fans were like, "Yeah, I can see The Rock is the leader of this."
 That is my favorite gift of all time when they're doing the backstage promo and The Rock rolls his eyes bigger than I've ever seen someone roll. It's up and then it's all the way around just like this guy again. Huh?
 That is my favorite gift. I send it to my friends all the time.
 You know they made an action figure with the Rock's head doing the eye roll.
 What?
 I don't I don't think that there's one other like you talk about a single instant like one second of pro wrestling and it's like we got to make an action figure of this. Yes. Like they made a rock figure and like it's got swappable heads and one of the heads has the eye roll because he made that much of an impact in one second. And this wasn't an old act. This came out like within the last year
 cuz it's so gable,
 right? That one and the stone cold where he's laughing and the camera so perfectly zooms in and then stops. Stop. It's just the the zoom in was just absolutely perfectly timed.
 Yeah.
 So good. That's those are my two favorite gifts.
 Yeah. I do wonder with The Rock though, like had he stuck around longer and how much longer because The Rock and Smartly So, never gave himself a chance to get stale. You know what I mean? We don't know what that would have been like. Is there an ability to evolve consistently enough that you can And I think there is. And maybe he takes a year off here and a year off there, but yeah. I mean, the idea I feel like The Rocket is just one of those characters, and there's very few of them that's meant to just exist in this bottle, and it was just lightning in a bottle for the period that it was, and then he can come back. And I mean, you know, honestly, like especially once we get removed enough from it, like we're and you and I can have the conversation when it's time, like there's going to be a moment in time to have a real conversation about the final boss character
 and how good it was and how impactful it was. Not to say it's over, but you know that that build to Wrestlemania 40 with The Rock becoming the final boss and again
 that what is that character around for two months? That's it
 really. I mean, he pops up here and there still, but really the run of the final boss is Las Vegas press conference to Wrestlemania night after Wrestlemania 40 say. And like, you know, I mean, people can get frustrated at the lack of final boss since then, but the reality is that run in in a in a bubble
 Yeah.
 is one of those untouchable character arcs.
 And it's because it was done with this pivot, too. Like, this wasn't the plan for months going into it. This was like, "Oh, they really don't like what we're trying to do here."
 Yeah.
 We got to figure something out and run with it and see if it works. Yeah. And and how are we going to go? And I mean, and it's almost like you saw it in the sort of slow evolution week by week of the Rock's entrance music and the Tron and like little changes that would happen week after week after week until you got to Wrestlemania 40 and this thing had been built in front of us. And it was almost like the reaction that we were giving it was almost what was fueling the the build of it.
 Yeah. You know,
 if we're talking about The Final Boss in that specific window of time.
 Yes.
 I I put out a tweet at that point in time, I think it's the best work of the Rock's career.
 Yeah. I mean, you you would have to go I mean, it's Yeah. to me definitely by far the best thing he's done since being a full-time wrestler
 for sure.
 And yeah, I mean you you would have to go back to $500 shirt, people's eyebrow, coming on TV every week with a new catchphrase every single week. Like it's that and final boss and and that's your conversation to me, you know?
 Yeah. And the Rock's a big reason why I became a massive wrestling fan. And like I think there's actually a lot of things that The Rock did just his charisma just oozing out of him that I was like I want a a little bit of that. Like so many fun catchphrases and so many like he can get anything over.
 Yeah,
 he got it doesn't matter over,
 right?
 It was amazing.
 Mike Left did a song.
 I got 50 Bentleys in the West Indies. It doesn't matter.
 Such a good song. I was thinking the other day, when did internet get so expensive? And then out of nowhere, I got this email from Rocket Money saying, "We saved you $179.88." Great news, Chris Vanleet. Our expert negotiators were able to save you $179.88 on your Spectrum bill. That's a savings of $14.99 a month for 12 months. Well, thank you, Rocket Money, and thank you for sponsoring this episode as well. I didn't have to do anything. They took care of the negotiations. They talked to customer service and what I got was a lower monthly bill. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. They'll help you see all of your subscriptions in one place so you know exactly where your money's going. And for subscriptions you don't want anymore, Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money's 5 million users have saved a total of $500 million in cancelled subscriptions with members saving up to $740 a year when they use all of the app's premium features. So cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with RocketMoney. Go to rocketmoney.com/cv today. That's rocketmoney.com/cv. Since we're talking about heel turns out, did you see John Cena's heel turn coming? No. I mean, the real answer is no. I mean, there's there it was, of course, part of the conversation in the sense that it was like in the realm of possibilities of what could happen with this buildup to Cody selling his soul and we know that WrestleMania is next. Of course, the idea of John Cena could turn heel is one of the places where that conversation organically goes. That's one of the sort of on paper possibilities. But no, the reality of it and in that moment like no and and I think that that's what made that moment so amazing was that you know there are people who put on their hindsight goggles and go like yeah I knew I saw that coming. It's like no you didn't dude you did not like you knew it could happen but you didn't see that coming in that moment. I didn't see it coming. Um, I thought it was in that moment perfectly executed.
 I just thought the expression change on John Cena's face was so perfectly done.
 You almost look like like the marine like coming up out of the water, you know, like his head just like straight serious and you're like, "Oh my." Cuz you're going, "No." Cuz we were asking for it for years and years and years and to get it when we're finally ready for it to have never happened. Yeah.
 And I think there was almost this idea of like one of the things that makes John Cena charming, great. Like one of the things that makes that character unique is that it never happened.
 And we've almost settled into that, right? And now let's just have fun on this last run and then boom, it happens.
 That's what I was expecting. I was expecting him to just play the greatest hits. I was expecting this to be the the Derek Jeter, you know, last season farewell tour.
 The Kobe Bryant farewell tour. just like you go to every city, you shake your hands, you do a little, you know, photo opportunity.
 Everyone buys a t-shirt. Everyone buy. And they still are.
 Of course they still are. I got like four of them.
 But which is crazy because heels don't traditionally sell merch. No, but there is something like people still I think you know when you're there when you're looking at the shirt and you're there and it's your town
 you know it almost goes beyond what's going on right now and you realize like no this is still a special thing that we know this is John Cena's last night as an active performer in this city.
 Yeah.
 Let me let me still be a part of this. The actual heel turn at Elimination Chamber was one of the greatest heel turns of all time.
 Yes.
 What's missing now in the months that have followed is there is no explanation as to what role The Rock played in that.
 Well, John, here's the thing. I do and I've said let him cook a million times and people will kill me in the comments for saying that you got to let him cook, but you sometimes you do. Like I I think that
 Do you think there's a payoff to this coming? I think that there could be a payoff to this coming. I think that to say there is no payoff before we've had the opportunity for a payoff beyond Wrestlemania. To be upset at the end of Wrestlemania to go like there's no Wrestlemania payoff, I get that. But to go like there's overall no payoff to this heel turn, I don't accept that because we haven't we're we're in the middle of it. You can't go, hey, I'm in the middle of this thing. Where's the end already? Like that's not how storytelling works. And I think that there have been enough breadcrumbs throughout. Cody consistently brings up The Rock in these promos and and and and and so it's not like they're going, "No, forget that Rock thing ever happened." Cuz Cody's not letting us forget it happened. And then on Smackdown, John Cena said, "I made you think I sold my soul to The Rock. I didn't do that." You know what I mean? So, we are getting these slow but sure answers along the way. And maybe this character is taking months to really flesh out and people didn't expect it. But I I do see a payoff in the future because either Cena leave I don't see Cena leaving as a heel.
 Agreed.
 Right.
 I think he turns baby face at some point in time.
 And I think that the babyface turn is where the payoff comes.
 I would think so too. So then,
 but but if The Rock is slitting his throat and basically calling the shots on that heel turn, I think the assumption is, "Oh, Rock told him to do that."
 I was, you know, I was yelling at Dave McGregor about this too, right? He goes like, cuz he's talking about Goldberg getting a title shot. He's like, John Cena had to sell a soul to get a title shot. I go, what are you talking about? What happened right before John Cena and The Rock had the promo? He won the elimination chamber. That's how he got the title shot. Like he already had the title shot. John Cena versus Cody was already have that's why John Cena and Cody were in the ring together. It was already signed seal delivered like we're already getting the match. So John Cena did not do anything to get the match cuz he won the elimination champ.
 Right. Right.
 So that's not it.
 And I think people forget that that was what that moment began as. They totally forget that was Cena shaking Cody's hand and being like I'll see you at Mania pointing to the sign. I'll see you there, kid.
 Right.
 Yeah. Yeah. And I but and I do ex I do agree that like we haven't fully gotten the connective tissue because what we got was that moment.
 Yeah.
 And then ever everything since that moment has been uh John Cena telling this story of making a choice based on how fans have treated him.
 Yeah.
 Which is not based on what The Rock wanted me to do. It's
 that he made this choice independent of The Rock. It's almost like uh when when you have a long-term relationship and you get broken up with
 Yeah.
 and you finally go, "Well, you know what? I didn't like when you did this
 and when your mom said that thing about me, I should have said something." That's what this feels like, right? Like Yeah. Yeah.
 Pent up aggression.
 Those resentments that you carry with you and you're like, "It's okay. It's okay." And then they break up with you and go like, "Well, I was going to break up with you."
 You know how I said that your cooking was great? It was actually awful.
 I didn't like it at all. That's what this feels like. It does. It does. It does. But I do I do feel as though it's that we we there is still plenty of room.
 Agreed. I think that we're only halfway through the movie.
 That's right. And I think
 it's literally as we're having this conversation.
 Yes.
 It's the month of June.
 And I feel like this is if you and I were watching a movie, and I say this all the time, you wouldn't turn to me 46 minutes in and be like, "What? What is even h what are they doing?"
 Guess what? And guess what? There are people that do that. And you know what? I hate them. And so
 this is why I advocate for seeing movies in theaters.
 Yes.
 Because you you have to stick it out to the end.
 I advocate for seeing movies in theaters and seeing them alone. I don't go with anybody.
 You know what's interesting though is I'm coming across poorly.
 Cody never got a rematch. Roman Reigns
 hasn't yet got a rematch.
 Roman Reigns
 hasn't yet got a match. He hasn't gotten a rematch for the title.
 Yeah. And he hasn't gotten a match with John Cena.
 Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, they're still in love. And but why does Cody have to be part of King of the Ring to get a a title shot? Why isn't it just like, "Hey, you cheated to win at WrestleMania. I would like to have another match with you." Cuz John Cena's like, "No,
 that's not John Cena's call,
 isn't it? It's all John Cena's call. I mean,
 it's John Cena." You know what I mean? He said, and by the way, by the way, if we want to get it, he said that he could just come back and get a world title shot, but he's choosing to earn it by entering the Royal Rumble, by entering the Elimination Chamber. And Right. So, but the but if you're looking if you're looking for logic, he's telling you, "Yeah, I'm John Cena. If I wanted to, I've earned that." And when he said, "I'm just putting myself in the elimination chamber match. Everybody else had to qualify, but he didn't have to qualify." Triple H goes, "Yeah, well, he's John Cena. He's earned that." Yeah. So, the idea that John Cena does have some sort of picking and choosing ability of his opponents, a precedent has been laid out for it.
 And those seeds were planted for what ended up being a heel turn later on,
 right?
 Cuz old, you know, babyface John Cena wouldn't have done those things.
 No, no, no. He wouldn't have taken advantage of the status that he had. That's new. And by the way, Cody Rhodess, Cody Rhodess is a man of integrity. Cody Rhodess is a man who likes to earn his stuff. Could Cody Rhodess go, "Hey, he cheated. I want a rematch." Does that feel Cody Rhodess to you? Does that feel like an American hero?
 It's a It's a good point,
 you know.
 So, if we look at the John Cena retirement tour, he's got somewhere between six to eightish more matches likely because he's working every PL and he's working every Saturday night's main event. So, if we look at the whole schedule, I think it's eight. What do you think those matchups look like? We don't need to go through all of them.
 Sure. I mean, I think uh and you know, I did my whole like here's what the rest of the scene is here looks like. It's all in the garbage now. It's all wrong. But uh I think uh
 so we know CM Punk's happening.
 Yes, we know CM Punk is happening. Um
 actually, by the time this came out, I think that match has already happened.
 Okay. Okay. So CM Punk on the list. I think we've got to get a Cody another Cody match.
 I think that that's Yeah.
 Yeah. Do we get a Roman match?
 Uh, you know, I would like to think so, except I think that I'm not sure that we're going to get a Roman match, to tell you the truth, because it's not so much do I want Yeah, I really want to see a Roman match. I think the the idea of Roman coming back, I think there's such a wonderful story to tell because when John and Roman had that match that was like the passing of the torch match, John Cena made it very difficult for Roman Reigns. you need to learn to cut a promo, kid. You know what I mean? Like, he made it really tough for him. And the idea that this Roman Reigns could come back and go like, "Okay, John, guess what I learned how to do
 and like like this is the Roman Reigns that John has to deal with, I think would be an incredible story. I just don't 100% know where it fits in. I think it could. I just don't know where it fits into the timeline with the fact that Roman still like his priority number one would be where he left which is getting laid out by Seth Rollins and Braun Breaker. Yeah.
 And I personally feel like Seth Rollins's Money in the Bank briefcase is going to be used for the WWE Championship.
 Really?
 I don't think it's a World Heavyweight Championship win. I think Seth Rollins
 at some point in this calendar year.
 Yes. Whether it's John Cena or Cody Rhodess, Seth Rollins is gonna use his briefcase to get the WWE Championship. That that and I and then that could lead to a Wrestlemania match where Seth is defending that title against Roman Reigns,
 which would be amazing,
 right? And imagine imagine after all you remember Wrestlemania 39. Of course.
 You remember how you felt leaving dismayed, right? You remember everybody was sad. Well, I think everyone just went in going, "Well, Cody's going to do it here."
 Of course. And everybody was like, "You got to be kidding me."
 Yeah. What are they doing? Imagine going into a Wrestlemania and nobody would have thought this. Like, what would that be two years later or three years later? I guess that would be 42, right? Everybody wanting Roman Reigns to win back the WWE Championship in the main event of WrestleMania.
 I mean, that's the most beautiful. Like, that's the that's the beauty of pro wrestling. The very interesting thing about what we're talking about here is it's easy to turn a heel. You know, you you take out the the baby face, you you kick him in the nuts, whatever it happens to be. It's a lot harder to have that definitive moment when you turn into a baby face.
 I agree. And I think that the the best way to do it is just to be an incredible heel to the point where people are like, "We want to tell you how much we appreciate what you're doing." Like Roman Reigns hasn't officially turned babyface.
 No. And I don't think he ever will officially turn baby face because I don't think he'll ever abandon that character. But I remember saying on on Not Sam, I was like, Roman Reigns babyface turn is the minute he loses the championship.
 Because the minute he loses the championship is the minute we all get a second to breathe. It's the minute we all get a second to reflect. It's the minute we all get a second to appreciate. And lo and behold, he loses the championship. this new bloodline starts to form. Next thing you know, Roman's fighting solo, Cody's teaming with Roman, and Roman is a baby face without ever changing.
 Yeah. The reaction he got at SummerSlam last year in Cleveland was like, "Oh, it gave me goosebumps just now."
 Went like the crowd went crazy. It's like
 you were booing this guy a few months ago.
 Yes. And everybody right now who's like, "It's ridiculous that Roman has been gone for so long." Yeah, it's terrible that Roman has been gone for so long. The minute our tribal chief's music plays, we're going to lose our collective minds for him. So, who do you think ends up being John Cena's final match? I don't know if I think I tell you who I want John Cena's final match to be. Bron Breaker.
 I would love to see that, too. And in this retirement tour, we haven't seen him work with an upand cominging talent yet
 because he's a heel.
 Yeah. You know what I mean? And it's like you're not going to give an upand cominging baby face a victory over a heel John Cena because the whole point is that nobody's going to beat him. You know, I would like to here what I would like to see is John Cena to turn baby face with enough time left that he can tell a great story with Drew McIntyre and have Drew Mc although now that Drew McIntyre has gone away, he may be a baby face when he comes back cuz I mean the same Roman Reigns rule applies to Drew McIntyre. Everybody's just waiting for the opportunity to express to Drew how much they appreciate him. But if he's gonna stay a heel, I would like to see Drew beat John Cena post world title loss as a John Cena baby face and then the very last match is whatever that is. Maybe the Saturday night's main event in Boston is the rumor. And I would like it to just be old school. I'm talking Bret Hart, Terry Funk. I mean like literally not kill John Cena. Braun Breaker just gets him with a small package. One, two, three. John Cena made one mistake. Bron Breaker wins. Bron Breaker gets to celebrate. And then because John Cena didn't get killed, we can then still have a moment for the heels to leave and the baby faces can come out and congratulate John.
 I thought for sure it was going to be Randy Orton. I just with the history there, I thought it was going to be Randy Orton, John Cena in the final match of just like, "Hey, we've had so much history together. Let's do it one last time." And then when they had their match, like the second like right after Wrestlemania. Yeah.
 At Backlash, they called it one last time and I went, "Well, there goes that." My heart still says it's going to be Cody Rhodess with like a passing of the torch moment of like, I was the biggest baby face for all of those years. That's the role that you are in right now and and here's the match to to prove that. Yeah. I mean, I kind of feel like that moment would happen if Cody beat Cena for the title, regardless of if it was his last match or not. And I also, you know, to an extent, I think Cody already kind of has the torch.
 You know what I mean? Like sometimes you need to get the rub from the last guy and other times it's like, no, you already are the guy.
 Yeah.
 Like you're the guy. When Hogan passed the torch to Warrior, Hogan was the guy, right? When whatever you go through any passing of the torch moments, it's the guy passing the torch to the next guy. Cody's the guy.
 Yeah. You know what I mean? Cody is the guy. There's no ifs, ands, or buts around that. I I the the idea that anybody presents an argument to that is ludicrous. I mean, by any metric in what professional wrestling is, Cody is the guy. He's done the impossible.
 I just don't know what the next six months, next half a year of John Cena opponents look like, right?
 And we can list off a bunch of dream opponents.
 Sure.
 But I didn't see a match with our truth coming.
 How about two?
 Right. Right. Yeah. I mean, listen,
 he had that one Smackdown where he had face tof face confrontations with Cody Rhodess, Randy Orton, our Truth, LA Knight, and CM Punk. And I think I would like to see LA Knight get a John Cena match. You know, I think it'd be really interesting because Cena's last run, it was the Babyface thing and it was like tagging with LA Knight. But actually, one of the things I really liked about what LA Knight did in that run was he didn't
 he wasn't disrespectful, but he didn't pay that much reverence.
 You know what I mean? Like he didn't want Cena to raise his arm. He didn't he was like hesitant to shake the hand. Like he still wanted it to be the LA Night Show,
 which I love when wrestlers have that kind of like, no, this is mine. I, you know, I don't need you to give it to me. It's already mine. Um, but to see that dynamic get followed up with an LA Night John Cena match, even if it's one of those Saturday night's main event matches, I think Cena versus LA Night would be cool.
 I think people were saying, "Oh, John Cena's only going to wrestle on PLE's or Saturday Night's Main Event." Him having a match on Smackdown, that was pretty cool.
 Really cool with Truth. And the work that Truth is doing right now is at 53 years old, it's special. Yeah. And honestly, like the thing that's that's cool about it is
 like it it happening when he's 53 years old makes it special. But if you were 33, it'd still be special. You know what I mean? Like it's just good
 it's good work and it's years of doing stuff that resonates with fans. That's what it is. It's like you you've you've built that equity with the audience and a lot of it sort of just by trudging along
 and making things work that otherwise wouldn't have worked and just taking these little moments and making them memorable and just making it so that you talk to any wrestling fan and you go, "What do you think about our truth? I love our truth."
 Yep. And it's like and and and and you could say you could go back, you know, to to a decade ago and he's, you know, trying to get in the Money in the Bank ladder match and say, "My bad." You could go to like more recently and like and I I I don't even think people I think people breeze by the fact that like you know the judgment day felt like it was going to end a little while ago and truth coming in and doing that whole judgment day run with Tom and Nick Mysterio and and and like making a a joke out of being the top merch seller and trying to give the judgment day their share of the money and everything like it not only breathed life into our truth, but that life was breathed back into the judgment day and boosted them, you know, for for years.
 Yeah. No, I I love seeing the work that he's doing right now. I like that we're questioning is he Ron killings? Is he our truth? Is this a split personality thing? And we don't know.
 Yeah. No, that's that was my read on it was that like and it was like it's little things cuz it's always little things with him. It's like little things like and part of it was even you know doing the interview on Busted Open when I was like wait why is he starting like in a good mood and then listens to the clip and now he's in a bad mood right you almost go like you know the the sort of
 smart mark wrestling analyst goes well why isn't he in character the whole time and it's well he is in character the whole time right like clearly this is all intentional and then you see him like talking to himself and then saying I'm driving now.
 Yeah. And you're like, is that is that like is that is that Ron Killings taking control of this vessel, this human meat sack that previously our Truth had full control of. But now Ron Killings and R Truth both exist within this human being. And R Truth has just been having such a good time and everything has been working. But he has been taken advantage of throughout the way and getting released was one step too far. So now this other person that exists inside like our truth and Ron killings are one person. It's just both of these individuals exist within this body.
 I think that people for a long time thought that our Truth was just this like goofy comedy act.
 Sure,
 you know him well. I've had him on my show many times. Ron Killings, the actual individual, is such a smart person. Yeah.
 And I think that we're starting to see a lot of that in the work that he's doing and all the little nuances that he's putting into his character
 and Yeah. And like he allows you to a certain extent, but you forget that he is a two-time NWA World Champion. You forget that he was literally wrestling in the Attitude Era and has wrestled consistently since 1999. like you you you forget that this is a guy who has seen and done everything and has somehow in this business not only gotten the entire audience behind him and this is not a nostalgia act. This is an audience of people who might have started watching wrestling two years ago and they love our truth. But also talk to anybody who works in wrestling. Talk to anybody who's ever shared a locker room with him. Talk to any He is universally both beloved and respected. say a bad word about our truth anywhere in wrestling. And if the audience doesn't get you, the locker room will.
 That's true.
 You know, and I and I and I think that that doesn't happen by accident. And it certainly doesn't happen just by being a fun comedy act. Yeah.
 I think that that the truth is just the the type of performer where it's like, I can do this well
 and this is working. I work here. If this is what you would like me to do,
 Yeah.
 I'm going to do it better than you've ever seen it.
 Yeah. Getting a great night's sleep is one of life's finest luxuries. You got to check out Miracle Maid's bed sheets. They're inspired by NASA and they have silver infused fabrics that are temperature regulating so you can sleep at the perfect temperature all night long. Also, say goodbye to those gross odors. Because they're infused with silver, they prevent up to 99.7% of bacterial growth. So, that means you get fresher sheets up to three times longer. Miracle sheets are so comfortable without the high price tag of other luxury brands. and they feel just as good as sheets you'd have in a five-star hotel. If you've tried everything else, try Miracle. Upgrade your sleep this year by going to try miracle.com/cv. And whether you're buying them for yourself or you're buying them as a gift for a loved one, you're already going to save over 40% of your order today. But if you use the code CVV at checkout, you'll get an additional 20% off plus a free threepiece towel kit. That's tryle.com/cv. I got some one-offs for you here. These are always so fun.
 Hit me. Hit me with the clippables. What is the worst booked match of all time?
 This. Okay. The worst booked match meaning like
 So, we're not talking about bad performances here. We're not talking about untalented wrestlers. We're talking
 the story of the match.
 Yes. Done poorly.
 Yes. I mean, it may be obvious, but it's literally a match that bothered me when I watched it, and it's bothered me every every day since. And it is in 1997. So, it's been a lot of days.
 Wow.
 Yeah. Every day
 for 28 years.
 I can't tell you the amount of anger that I feel when I think about Starcade 97. I get so mad when I think about Starcade 97. More upset than any other wrestling match that's ever existed. And I've seen a ton of them, but like I just don't I I I can't People need to understand that the NWO was the hottest thing in wrestling and the Hogan Sting story was the best booked wrestling story. Maybe says Hogan Andre. Like it was incredible. They kept our attention for 16 months, over a year. Sting shows up the night after Fall Brawl 96 and says, "The only thing that's for sure about Sting is nothing's for sure." And we finally, you talk about getting a payoff. We finally get the payoff in December of 97. This is not only the payoff to Sting and Hogan, this is the payoff to this entire nWo story that we've been so invested in. And then they and and then this finish happens and you're like, "What the hell was that?" This finish happens where they have a a standard count. Hogan just wins. Brett says it was a fast count. You go, "What? What? What is he talking about? They're going to restart the match. Why? Wait, did Brett did Sting screw Hogan? Did the baby face screw the heel to win this thing?" And then you follow that up with like just the messiest like, oh, okay, we'll have a rematch here. Okay, you'll lose the title there. You I mean, the whole thing. People talk about fingerp doom. People talk about Goldberg streak ending. It was already done. It was already done because you had the best story in wrestling in 97 going into 98. Literally the hottest time up until that point in the history of professional wrestling. All eyes were on you. You had it all. Why didn't WCW beat WWE? Oh, I think it was because of Time Warner. I think it was the merger. I think it was Vince Russo. I think No, it was Hogan Sting Arcade 97.
 And that match is like the epitome of what was wrong with WCW at that time.
 Like all you had to do is lay in the plane. The like literally zero turbulence. And we were And by the way, we were looking we were willing to look past everything on the way there. Any sort of wonky any Nobody cared. Age in the cage, nobody cared. It was all good. just land the plane. All you have to do is land the plane and we will applaud the pilot. That's how good the flight was. Everyone was going to applaud the pilot.
 Yeah.
 And then you turn off Starcade 97 and you're like, I mean, I guess that was the That was it. Sting is holding up the WCW title triumphantly and this is what you're saying. I mean, I guess.
 And you're still bothered to this very day.
 You can tell. I can tell.
 It's really bothering me cuz you made me think about it again. And it's like like how could you to be handed on a silver platter the hottest story in wrestling with two of the greatest legends that will ever ever grace the ring at their absolute peak and Hogan having a second peak. Nobody has two peaks. Twin peaks maybe
 and you blow it.
 They messed it up.
 I mean something something fierce. They messed it up. Like messed it up. It's one thing to be like, "Oh, that was a little wonky." But to be like, "Okay, yeah, I guess." And like they're like, "Oh, there was no real payoff with John Cena and the Rock." It was like that was you were invested for two months. This is 16 months and they totally like And not only did they blow it, but they blew it in a way that you couldn't be like, "Well, the payoff's coming later." There's no way
 if they messed it up.
 They messed it up.
 Yeah. And then Yeah. Oh, for Yeah. No. Yeah, that's the worst. It's the worst. It's one of the worst things ever happened. I'll give you mine and I think I'm going to start to get worked up on this one. Okay.
 Hell in a cell 2019.
 Okay.
 Seth Rollins and The Fiend.
 Sure.
 And of course, this is no disrespect to Seth Rollins. One of the best workers right now who can make anybody that he's working with look like a million bucks. And the Fiend/B Bray Wyatt who is one of the greatest characters of this generation.
 Amazing. so real with everything he does in the ring and you feel it. They're wrestling each other for the very first time inside Hell in a Cell.
 So already you're like, "Okay, I got questions."
 Well, that doesn't make any sense. This should be saved for the end. Like we've already had this kind of match and this kind of match and this kind of match.
 Sorry, it's October. Hell in a cell time. So then the match starts and the red lights stay on.
 Stay on.
 Stay on for the whole match.
 Whole match.
 Whole match. They make it let's let's make this very difficult to see.
 It's just it looks so it doesn't make any sense.
 You can't rewatch it.
 You cannot.
 No.
 And I did recently rewatch it and it made me so angry cuz I'm like what is
 because of all this going on or then the finish? All of it. The We'll get to the finish. Oh, but like Bray Wyatt goes to grab this mallet and they're putting over like how this mallet is just crazy and like how could he use this and it clearly kind of looks like paperier-mâché. It's like all right, we'll just we'll roll with this.
 I'll roll with it. Then Seth Rollins hits the fiend with not one, not two, not three, not four, not five, not six, not seven, not eight, not nine, not 10, 11 stomps and also a chair shot. And the fiend kicks out at one and we go, "Okay, great. All right, I get it."
 Right. Michael Myers, he's indestructible. Cool.
 But then
 then he's going to win the championship, right? It's hell in a cell. If you kick out of 11 stomps in a chair shot, you're going to be the champ for sure. Done.
 But then Seth Rollins goes and grabs a sledgehammer. That is and that is unacceptable. You can't grab a sledgehammer inside Hell in a Cell. No, no, no. They've never done that before. That's never happened.
 And then the match gets thrown out.
 No contest. You a disqualification inside a no disqualification match. Especially because like like theoretically like the stomp 11 stomps I think is worse than one sledgehammer shot. I mean I can't imagine the type of damage 11 stomps would do. 11 stomps is unheard of. But why have it inside Hell in a Cell if there's the ability to disqualify someone or end the match
 or just no contest? Yeah.
 You know, I've seen enough. Stop the match.
 It's like
 what? Why didn't we stop the match when Mick Foley got thrown off of it or threw it? He wanted to continue.
 No, let's keep going. It's fine.
 We got to keep going. Yeah. No, no, no. That that it was it was nonsense. And I mean, and it really is a great example of a character like that where it's like like you you you can't put not all applications apply to all characters. Meaning like, okay, well, The Fiend is super hot and everybody loves him, so let's put him in the main event. Okay, well, we can't put the title on him. Okay, well, we can't beat him. What if he gets out a sledgehammer and we make it a no contest? So, it's a hell in a cell match. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know. I know. Can't have a sledgehammer, though.
 Are you sure you know?
 Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, it's that one that one is 100% absurd. That one I think is is fair to be put into that conversation. What is the best entrance ever superstar-wise or specific one?
 I I think I'll leave that up to you.
 Okay. I mean, it's hard to say that the Undertaker does not have the best entrance of all time, you know? I mean, this is this is an entrance that people stop watching wrestling and it's like they remember the Undertaker's entrance. Like, if you show them one thing, it's going to be the Undertaker's entrance. I think if I could pick one Undertaker entrance, I mean, there's so many good Undertaker entrances. Probably the Limp Biscuit Wrestlemania and No, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I love Limp Biscuit, though, so maybe. But, uh, you know, I mean, and maybe this is just this is one that I love. I'm not going to sit here and talk to fans and go like, "Nope, this is the best one. Fight me." Like I do with most of my takes. But for me, and it was because I was in the building, it was cuz I was a kid. It was because it was really one of the first times that they said, "What can we do with this entrance?" And I go back to SummerSlam 92 and I go to the Undertaker entering Wembley Stadium in a hearse. And it was just one of those things in '92. You weren't seeing that much spectacle from WWE at that time. like you you you weren't seeing people riding vehicles to the ring. You weren't seeing, you know, 88,000 people, you know, all watching this show. And to see the Undertaker who was just kind of getting his feet wet in babyface territory and how this character because to me also the Undertaker turning babyface is what made it go, okay, is this like a short-term character that was cool, but I don't know. we kind of ran out of ideas or is this a character with real lasting ability? And I think that's why it's so important that that guy played the Undertaker because nobody else could have pulled that off.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, I think I think the Undertaker is that's my like Yeah.
 fight me. The Undertaker's the best. But my favorite Undertaker might be that 92 SummerSlam entrance.
 The Undertaker's entrance is so legendary that it has transcended wrestling.
 Yes.
 Like we see it in other sports,
 right? Wasn't there a band that enters to the Undertakers? I believe for sure.
 Yeah,
 for sure.
 And I think that that's so cool. That's always a cool moment when you're a wrestling fan to be like, "Ah, that's our thing." And like, yeah, it's the thing.
 It is super cool. And also like there's not that many entrances where when you talk to wrestlers, if you're interviewing somebody, you can legitimately ask, "Hey, Edge, what was it like at WrestleMania when you're standing in the ring and you you see the Undertaker's entrance?" right? Or maybe the Yeah, I think the Undertaker was announced second. Whatever. You get what I'm saying? Like the idea that that that entrance is so powerful that you can talk to wrestlers that were wrestling the Undertaker about what their experience was watching that entrance from the ring.
 Yeah.
 And they'll have a take on it and they'll be like, "Yeah, that was a mind-blowing thing to see." One of my favorite entrances is when Triple H got played to the ring by Motorhead
 at 17
 and Lemie goes, "We're Motorhead. I'm going to kick your ass." Yeah. Yeah. Dude, have you heard the story behind that? Like Triple H told that story on on one of the docks or something where like Mohead was not there and he was like like where the hell is Motorhead? Like
 like they were late.
 Yeah. Yeah. They weren't on the st. He was like we're going out. like where are they? And Lei just like literally showed up 15 seconds before Triple H was coming out and just cool casual got up on stage, put his cigarette in his mouth, threw his guitar on. He's like, "All right, let's do and just boom." And he plays this legendary Triple H entrance.
 And that's the thing like they're Mohead are such rock stars. Yeah. And I think that it personified where we were at with pro wrestling at that time. Yeah. Where it's like pro wrestling is
 so cool.
 Yeah.
 That Motorhead is going to play one of the top superstars down to the ring live. I loved uh Triple H. Was it his Wrestlemania 32 entrance that Stephanie had that monologue to start it when she had all the skulls on and then he came out? I thought that was I I think that was 32 in Dallas. That was one of the cool things about when Triple H was an active wrestler was you knew that every Wrestlemania entrance was going to be awesome.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think I think 30 32 was probably my f if I'm getting that right. It's probably my favorite Triple H entrance, but I Yeah, Triple H definitely goes on that
 Yeah. list of all time entrances.
 Let me hit you with this one. What's the worst Royal Rumble winner? I mean, has to be Alberto Del Rio, right?
 It has to be
 has to be Alberto Del Rio. All due respect, but I mean, it has to And there was such an opportunity in that Rumble to have Santino win it.
 You know why I You're okay. You're going to love this. Yes, it was definitely Alberto Del Rio. And here's why. So, I remember so like during the pandemic, I did a version of Not Sam Wrestling on the WWE Network. They had like reached out and said, "Hey, you have a studio in your home. We are trying to figure out what we're doing contentwise. Do you want to just produce a show for us?" And I was like, "Well, what kind of show?" And they were like, "I don't know. You tell us." And I was like, "Awesome deal." And so like I was like I would like it became this almost like a pseudo variety show, but I would like write monologues, do interviews, do all this stuff, right? And like I had an interview that was set up for that week's show and the interview had to cancel and go like I'll get you next week blah blah blah. I was like okay no problem. But then I realized like this show had a deadline and I'm missing a segment and I go what can I do? And I'm like looking through old like like just watching wrestling and stuff like that trying to get inspired to do something and I was like I know what I'll do and I didn't want it to look like the rest of the show. So, I set up a second studio in that corner where all the boxes are over there in the basement, and I did a fantasy booking of what if Santino won the Royal Rumble
 that year.
 Wow.
 And and I played it all the way through and I and after I was done, I was like in my head, I was like, man, Santino should have won that Royal Rumble.
 He should have. And and it's really interesting because like and I think that I'm sure I'm not sure obviously but I would imagine that they didn't realize that when Santino jumped back in the ring the crowd was like this is what we want. Like oh my god we're going to get to see it. Santino is going to win the Royal Rumble. And then he didn't and it was like okay.
 Yeah. He had that moment and the crowd was behind him. Yeah.
 Santino also had that moment where it looked like he was going to win Elimination Chamber.
 Yeah. And up to that point, no one had kicked out of the cobra with the sleeve on.
 So he hits Daniel Bryan with the cobra and it's like, "This is it.
 Oh my god."
 Whoa. One, two, 2.99 kick out. Oh. And Daniel Bryan wins.
 Yeah. Yeah.
 Yeah. Yeah. But it's got to be Alberto, I think.
 I think so.
 I think so.
 What is the most annoying wrestling chant? Uh, you know, the most annoying wrestling chant is very easy. It's the worst. We want tables is the most annoying dumb wrestling chant that exists. And I think you know Bubba Ray Dudley takes this the wrong way. This is not anti-table. This is not anti-use of tables. This is certainly not anti-Dudley's perhaps the greatest tag team that's ever existed in professional wrestling. This is anti- the execution of we want tables by active wrestling fans. They will chant it in every match where tables may even be a slim possibility. Like if it's a triple threat and they're not even really taking advantage of the no DQ, they'll figure out, oh wait, this is triple threat. Oh wait, no DQ. We want tables. We want tables. And it's like stop with the we want tables for several reasons. Number one, we know you want tables. Everyone knows you want tables. There has never in the history of professional wrestling, there has never been the use of a table where you go, "Boy, the fans didn't want a table there." Like, nobody's ever gotten like a table. Boo, we don't want a table. Everybody has always wanted a table. So, it goes without saying that you want a table. Okay? But understand that tables come at the appropriate times. And when when people are are trying to tell a story in the ring that builds to a certain thing and you're like, "Screw your story. We want a table spot now. We'll get to a table spot. And maybe there won't be a table spot in this match. But you know what? Maybe the reason there's not a table spot in this match is because there's going to be a table spot two matches from now. And you can't do table spots in every single match. But what you could do is not chant we want tables and have it take away from what is going on in the match.
 You're absolutely right.
 It's disruptive and there's no getting ready. And people go like this. They go like this. They go the whatchan is worse. The whatchan is not worse. The what chant is hideous. It's terrible, but it's not worse because the what chant is avoidable. Stone Steve Austin gave the formula in interviews previously to avoid the what chant, which is
 just change up your cadence. That's it.
 Yeah.
 Don't talk. Don't leave these rhythmic gaps open for that what to hit. And you've seen people effectively do it.
 Yes. Do we want tables?
 Like what? Like the only way to get around it is to pull out a table. It's like we're not pulling out a table right now.
 What if they were to take it one step further and start booking the match? We want a suplex.
 Right. Right. Reverse chin lock. Like how about with like just like like follow the story and now it's now listen if they're teasing a table spot.
 Yes. Then you start begging for tables. Of course.
 If the Dudley Boys are out there,
 right,
 by all means.
 But if you're going to a romcom, right, and you're going like, "Man, I hope that guy gets shot."
 And you're like, "What? that's not this kind of movie at all. And then like at the end of the movie, you know, boy gets girl and you're like, "Yeah, but I thought he was going to get shot. That movie sucked." You're like, "Why did you think he was going to get shot? That's not It was a romcom. Why? Like they're not doing that in this movie. I understand you." Like they're not doing that in this movie. It's not an action movie.
 So on the flip side, okay,
 what's the best chant you like? What's your favorite chant? Um, the best chant. You know, I'm, you know, people think it's overused or whatever, but I like the appreciation. I, you know, I don't mind the overdoing it with this is awesome. I don't mind the overdoing it with both these guys. Both these guys like I don't I and I think that, you know,
 I love both these guys.
 That's fun.
 Great. Chant, my problem with this is awesome is not every match can have the This is awesome. Sometimes it should be this is very good.
 Yeah. Like this is a very acceptable match.
 Yeah. Yeah. This is acceptable.
 But I I I always interpreted and maybe I'm wrong on this. I always interpreted this is awesome to be like this is the best match of the night,
 right?
 Like and perhaps they're referring to the sequence within the match. This is awesome. The last three minutes have been, you know, just brilliant. I get that.
 But is every match awesome?
 No. No, it's not. I I I think it's just the uh the de facto way that wrestling fans just let you know, hey man, I'm just having a good time. Whoever wants to win, win. But I'm just having a great time here watching you guys do
 pro wrestling version of the wave.
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The pro wrestling version of the wave is the beach ball.
 And we don't like the beach ball.
 No, we don't like the beach ball. We don't like the beach. Cesaro hates the beach ball.
 Well, I think a lot of people hate the beach ball.
 Yeah. No, beach ball is no bueno. No, no. This is awesome. Is just a general appreciation. I've always loved both these guys and fight forever. Like it's just so good. Like just don't end. Just keep doing this thing.
 Yeah. But there are times too. I mean the same way this is awesome where they're chanting fight forever and I go I mean I don't need an end now but you know I mean we got places to be. I got you know
 got to get home and kind of hungry.
 Wake up early tomorrow. I got radio in the morning.
 Fight for 15 more minutes.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? That's a good one. Time limit draw. Five more minutes. That's a great one.
 I love that. time limit draw. Five more minutes cuz the last thing you want is like
 it's a time limit draw and everyone's like fine.
 Yeah. Okay. Yeah, we've seen enough.
 Yeah, we got it.
 I've se I've seen that in indie shows where it's like this match is a draw and it's like all right. Okay, we'll go on to the next one then.
 Yeah. Yeah. Get him out of the ring.
 And then then one of the wrestler is like,
 I think you mean five more minutes.
 Yeah. Who wants five more minutes?
 No, it's fine. We saw it. We saw you both. Yeah. See you guys next month.
 It's a tie. We're fine with that. Yeah. No, I feel like general appreciation.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Gratitude. Gratitude. Who's the best wrestler to never win a world championship? Um to never win a world championship period or a WWE world champ?
 I'd say period. That's tough because my You can give me your other answer.
 So, I would I'm gonna say Mr. Perfect. I believe Curt Henning won the AWA World Championship. I could be mistaken, but in terms of like the big WWE, WCW, like he never was world champion. And I and I mean especially that WWE Mr. perfect run. I mean, is just so incredible. And I don't even know if I fully appreciated how good he was from like in WWE from like ' 89 to 91 maybe. Like that perfect run is unbelievable. And and and I always like watch that go, man, I guess he, you know, he was injured. He never quite got back to that level. But I I I just think like if you go back now, like you could implant like late 80s, early 90s Kurt Henning into WWE now and he'd be the best wrestler on the roster.
 Yeah.
 Like and and it wouldn't be like, oh, he kind of wrestles a more dated style. It'd be like, no, no, that's that's like his his finish was a fisherman suplex. If you had a guy whose finish was a fisherman suplex that Chad Gable could get away with a fisherman suplex finish and Chad Gable's the best.
 Yeah.
 So like,
 yeah, I think Mr. Perfect is is my answer.
 I just can't believe Scott Hall like I can't believe that.
 That's wild. Yeah. Yeah. Scott Hall
 like Scott Hall to not win a world championship is crazy.
 And Scott Hall and Mr. Perfect were friends. Yeah.
 But like Yeah, that is crazy. And maybe it was because Scott Hall never really conducted himself like he was always more it seemed like in any conversation I ever had with him in any sort of interview that he ever did he was always more business than ego and like so like the idea of like you know if he was getting paid the same it's all good
 and maybe that's part of why he was never the champion but like yeah the fact that two months into his WWE run, he was main eventing Royal Rumble with Brett the Hitman Hart. And like there was this idea of like what if Razer won? Yeah.
 Like wouldn't that be cool if Razer won? Imagine if Razer beat Brett and then Macho Man won the Royal Rumble and your Wrestlemania 9 main event is Macho versus Razer.
 That'd be sick.
 In hindsight, that's one you look at and you go, "We got robbed.
 We got robbed."
 Yeah. Yeah. Now I'm glad Brett was champion. I mean, Brett was going to lose it at Wrestlemania 9 anyway, I guess. But like, yeah, Razer is a great answer.
 Have you figured out, you know, you're doing some stuff with WWE now. Have you figured out who might be behind Al Grande Americano?
 No, I'm totally clueless. And it's very frustrating. I mean,
 I have a theory.
 Oh,
 we haven't seen as on TV in a long time.
 Okay, that's not a bad
 It makes sense. It does make sense.
 If you think about it,
 it makes sense
 cuz he's a deceivingly athletic guy.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah. Now, Chad Gable said on Raw Recap that like he has tapes of Grande Americano from the 1960s wrestling in Mexico.
 Wow. Yeah. Which I've never seen. I have a lot of VHS tapes. I never saw any of those. But to be fair, a lot of my lucha tapes are more in the '9s, so maybe I wouldn't have seen them.
 The same person or just the same mask character?
 No, it's not Leodell Grande Americano. It's Grande Americano.
 Wow.
 Yeah. This is We're not witnessing eiodell or
 How old is he? Oh, I don't know. I mean, that mask makes makes you ageless, I think. Yeah.
 Yeah. But it is amazing when you in phenomenal shape, too.
 Unbelievable shape, dude.
 Unbelievable.
 Yeah. It must be on that testosterone or something.
 I think there was a because I've heard these crazy rumors that people think it's Chad Gable.
 And I'm like,
 it's silly, right?
 Yeah.
 But I think there was a missed opportunity to put them on opposing brackets for King of the Ring just to see what happens.
 Just to see. you know, and even if they don't win their qualifier matches, just to see. Just to see.
 Yeah. Could we possibly get them in the finals?
 Yeah. I did like that. Uh Chad Gable answered why Grande Americano had boots that said Chad Gable on them.
 He loaned him his boots.
 I mean, what a generous guy.
 Yeah, he loves Americano.
 What a generous guy. Yeah. I mean, absolutely. The airline lost his luggage. What was he supposed to do? Wrestle barefoot?
 He can't wrestle barefoot.
 Oh, come on.
 No, he's grinding Americano. I Chelsea Green was trying to take credit for those boots because they said CG.
 Yeah, I guess that's true. I guess I didn't know she and Grande Americano had the same size feet.
 Who knows?
 But I don't know. I'm not measuring feet either. That's not my thing. That's not what I'm into.
 Me neither.
 Okay. So, we don't know. That's not That's for wiki feet to figure out. It'll be very interesting one day if Ale Americano does get unmasked.
 I hope not. Just because it's deep in the Lucher tradition.
 That's true.
 You know, so disrespectful. It was weird that Chad Gable wrestled at Worlds Collide and Grande Americano wrestled at Money in the Bank. Like you would think,
 not the opposite. Yeah, that's that's interesting.
 That's true.
 Maybe it's part of a talent exchange.
 Chad Gable hates luchadors, though.
 I forgot about that.
 Right. So, I forgot about that.
 So, him being at Worlds Collide makes sense.
 Yeah. No, you're right. Trying to defeat the luchador. That's right. No, that's true. That That checks out.
 All of the logic makes sense.
 Absolutely.
 I've kept you for so long here.
 Thank you, sir. Hey, of course.
 And I might as well ask you the question I ask everybody at the end because I am the most
 It's the gratitude era. What was my gimmick that we came up with at the start?
 Uh, the most grateful. Yeah. Yeah. The wrestling's most grateful podcaster.
 Sure.
 We got to come up with something way better. Wrestling's most grateful. Yeah. That really does make you seem like you haven't accomplished that much. Like you're just happy to be there, which isn't really fair. We don't need to talk about the fact that I've won four Emmys. No, he's just happy to be there.
 Two billion views on my YouTube channel.
 No, no, just like looking at those charts. Like, no, no, no. I'm just grateful. I'm just happy to be here.
 Yeah. You know, sometimes I turn heel for, you know, brief moments and I get mad that people don't hit subscribe when they watch these videos.
 They don't.
 Cra two billion. Two billion with a B views.
 So, you have two billion subscribers.
 You think so? You don't have two billion subscribers.
 Close, but no. I don't know what's going on.
 Could you imagine watching a video freeloaders? Could you imagine watching a video like this all the way until the end,
 right? And not liking it or not subscribing? I've never watched a video that I didn't like and subscribe
 just by
 every video I've ever watched, I subscribe to the channel and like.
 Same. Yeah. I cuz I
 my subscriptions are like crazy
 cuz I understand as a creator how much that one small menial task to me as a consumer
 Yeah. pushing a button.
 It's all I'm subscribed to everything.
 How much that means to the creator?
 Yeah. So, I digress. Back from the heel turn to being Babyface.
 What are three things that you're grateful for, Sam? Well, I'm grateful that Sirius XM decided to launch a 247 wrestling channel.
 Congratulations.
 Has anybody ever turned your gratitude thing into a plug
 all the time?
 Oh, they do. They really? What a bunch of scumbags. Christian Cage was like, "Three things I'm grateful for. Me, myself, and I.
 That's sick.
 All right, Christian Cage.
 I think if I were Christian Cage, I'd be grateful for Me, myself, and I as well. Yes, I'm very grateful that SiriusXM uh decided to launch Pro Wrestling Nation 24/7, and that they've decided to take on uh NotSam Wrestling, which still, by the way, exists and will continue to exist as a podcast. Same place you find Insight, you can find NotSam Wrestling the same way you have for the last 10 years. Nothing changes. 11 years almost. Nothing changes there, but Not Sam Wrestling Live is now part of the SiriusXM Pro Wrestling Nation uh lineup. So, every every day at noon Eastern, I'll be on there live. I think it's channel 156 it's going to be. And uh yeah, we'll be able to talk wrestling every single day for two hours on SiriusXM.
 Congratulations. Will people be calling in?
 There'll be callins. There'll be guests. I'm sure there will be an invite waiting for you.
 Oh my accepted.
 Yes. Great. Great. I'm great. Okay. I'm grateful you accepted my invitation. That's two gratefuls.
 Wow. Yeah. Yeah. So, and then a third thing. Yeah. Three things.
 I'm grateful you came over, man.
 Wow. Hey,
 how's that? Thanks. How's that?
 It's great to hang out with you and there just happens to be cameras around.
 That's all we're doing.
 It's really
 We're just hanging in the basement.
 Yeah. I feel like if we both grew up in the same country, you know, grew up in Canada, right? If we grew up in the same town, this would have just been like every Monday.
 Yeah. Us just hanging out.
 Yeah.
 Instead, Morant took your spot.
 Yeah. Now Megan Morant is over here. Isn't that wild though? Like like that. Okay. How about this? I'm grateful for this that like I don't think that people have really wrapped their heads around the fact that somehow WWE which like for a long time had this reputation of being like almost like a like big brother like this big corporate thing like somehow we've gotten to a point where they're like hey our post Raw show the big like podcast that we're going to launch all other podcasts around Sam and Megan are gonna We watch Raw at my house. Like we that the living room that you were just in. Yeah.
 That's where we watch Raw every single Monday and then we come downstairs into my basement and we talk about Raw and interview somebody and that's Raw recap.
 Wow.
 And the fact that like WWE programming has evolved to that point where like somebody like me can just come along and like do my stick in my own house.
 Yeah. I'm grateful for that.
 What a time to be alive. Like you and I started our broadcasting careers right around the same time.
 Sure.
 And it did not look like this.
 Not at all.
 No. It looked like
 begging and scratching to get an internship somewhere.
 Yeah.
 To hopefully get enough experience to then turn that into a job in a smaller market or on a smaller station or something and then work your way up.
 Yeah. and instead like you know and you obviously figured it out with insight but like you figure out that if you can you can you have the power to create your own brand.
 Yeah. And if you're willing to put the work into it, and I mean, as I don't have to tell you, it's years and years and years of putting work into it and a lot of work over the course of years, then you'll find people
 who see that vision and go like, "No, we appreciate what you do and we'd like to kind of make it a part of what we do as well." Which is why, like, you know, working with Sirius and working with WWE is like, I mean, it's literally a dream come true.
 I love that. And there's something about hard work that other people can just see it. Other people can go, "Yeah, I can tell how much work you put into this."
 And I hope so. Some people, I think, just think I'm a weasel. Are you a weasel?
 I don't know. That's up for everybody else to figure out. I didn't name myself that, so I guess not. Also, why is there a slam behind you? Okay. See, I was waiting for somebody to ask about this.
 It says for John Cena. Okay. Nobody's asked about it. It's been here and I just left it here like an Easter egg and nobody said anything. You're getting another scoop on Insight, my friend.
 Okay, bring it.
 Okay, so this year at the Slammy Awards, Megan Morant and I presented the Slammy. I believe it was for OMG Moment of the Year, John Cena won the Slammy Award. The the the teleprompter said John Cena is not here. And instead of just saying John Cena is not here to accept his award, I said so we'll accept it on his behalf and like you know was like and everybody was like cheering that John Cena won. I said boo him. He wants to ruin wrestling and he didn't even show up. We're going to accept the award on his behalf. And I go okay well now I said that and then like I was talking to WWE and I was like hey guys listen I accepted the award on his behalf.
 You went into business for yourself
 right? I go, I should have the slammy, like the statue. Like, I accepted on his behalf. I should have the statue. And they were like, you know, I mean, the logic is flawless. They were like, you're right. I go, I know I'm right. I accepted it. You can go back and watch the tape. And so, they're like, okay, here's the slammy. And so, I would like to say that I'm This is John Cena's slammy. And whenever he wants it, I'm not stealing anything. Whenever John Cena wants it, it's here in the studio and he can just come by. So John Cena has to come to your house to come get it.
 Well, that's where the slimy is. Whenever he wants to come by and grab it, I got it for him. So yeah. Yeah. I mean,
 wow.
 Like if I had something of yours and I was like, "Yeah, just come by whenever and grab it. I'll give it to you today."
 Well, we're friends, so I'd be happy to come over.
 So I got John Cena to slam me.
 The last time you did an interview with John Cena, it was at the SiriusXM studio. It was a great interview, too. Oh, thank you very much. I had a great time with him. Let's mix it up.
 Do you think John Cena is going to come to your house
 if he wants a slammy? Doesn't he have several slamies?
 Not this one.
 Not this one.
 He doesn't have a slammy for this run. And by the way, should be the last slam he's ever nominated for, right?
 Oh, yeah.
 Don't you think this will probably be the last slammy John Cena ever wins? If he's retiring, it'll be the last slam he ever wins.
 Well, when when does the voting cycle begin and end?
 That's a good call, right? I think there's probably one more round.
 I'll say it's the last one.
 Sure. It is. It is for now.
 It is for now. As far as we know, this will be the last slammy John Cena ever wins.
 Amazing. Imagine not having it if you're John Cena. That would stink.
 Yeah.
 I wouldn't want that. Anyway, it's here.
 Oh, thanks for hanging out.
 It's here.